projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

### [Project 1](https://github.com/tux4kids/tuxmania) 
Proin pellentesque malesuada mauris, quis aliquam augue vestibulum ac. Vestibulum ut feugiat nibh. Sed faucibus felis purus, sed convallis leo dictum vehicula.

***

### [Project 2](https://github.com/AkshayAgarwal007/Moodly)
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam imperdiet urna eu dolor placerat varius. Vivamus eros augue, consequat id scelerisque nec, fringilla in est. Proin pellentesque malesuada mauris, quis aliquam augue vestibulum ac. Vestibulum ut feugiat nibh. Sed faucibus felis purus, sed convallis leo dictum vehicula.

Proin pellentesque malesuada mauris, quis aliquam augue vestibulum ac. Vestibulum ut feugiat nibh. Sed faucibus felis purus, sed convallis leo dictum vehicula.

***

## Other Projects

### This Could Be Another Project Name

  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam imperdiet urna eu dolor placerat varius. Vivamus eros augue, consequat id scelerisque nec, fringilla in est. Proin pellentesque malesuada mauris, quis aliquam augue vestibulum ac. Vestibulum ut feugiat nibh. Sed faucibus felis purus, sed convallis leo dictum vehicula. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam imperdiet urna eu dolor placerat varius. Vivamus eros augue, consequat id scelerisque nec, fringilla in est. Proin pellentesque malesuada mauris, quis aliquam augue vestibulum ac. Vestibulum ut feugiat nibh. Sed faucibus felis purus, sed convallis leo dictum vehicula.
   
### This Could Be Yet Another Project Name

   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam imperdiet urna eu dolor placerat varius. Vivamus eros augue, consequat id scelerisque nec, fringilla in est. Proin pellentesque malesuada mauris, quis aliquam augue vestibulum ac. Vestibulum ut feugiat nibh. Sed faucibus felis purus, sed convallis leo dictum vehicula.


## Contact me

[agarwal.akshay.akshay8@gmail.com](mailto:agarwal.akshay.akshay8@gmail.com)

Commit message:

First site commit after forking the jekyll theme

projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

### [Gostuff](https://github.com/xmattstrongx/gostuff) 
A hectic playground repo that I have used over the years to learn Go. I often check back to repo for examples of things that I have used but are stale in my memory.

***

### [Visit Tracker API](https://github.com/xmattstrongx/visit-tracker-api)
This base of this project was originally given as a coding test for an interview. I have removed all company information to protect the companies test. I extended the project quite extensively to play around with a few technologies including docker, postgresql, and a rest web api framework for Go.

***

## Open Source Contributions

### [Go-Kit](https://github.com/go-kit/kit)

  This was my first open source contribution. I have read guides that said to get over the fear of failing you should contribute something small like a documentation change or a command line flag etc. I decided to completely ignore that I dive in to Go-kit. Peter Bourgon was extremely helpful and courteous during this process and I will always be thankful for that. 
   
### [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep)

   As a Go developer I very much appreciate the problem that is dependency management in Go. The people that maintain this project and work actively with Google to fix the issue contribute a massive amount of time and energy to this. I greatly appreciate that and try to show that appreciation by picking up an issue every now and then.

### [VSCode](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-go)

   Seeing as how I do not currently know Typescript you may be wondering how I contribute to VSCode. I actually do not contribute source code to the IDE but rather participate as a beta test for the Go plugin.


## Contact me

[mstrong1341@gmail.com](mailto:mstrong1341@gmail.com)
